README.md, before:

# 💥 Damage Number Particles

**Damage Number Particles** is a Minecraft mod that displays floating number particles whenever an entity takes damage or receives healing. This visual feedback makes it easier to track how much damage or healing an entity receives in real time.

---

## ⚙️ Configuration

You can configure all features easily:
- In-game via the config menu *(requires ModMenu)*
- Manually by editing the config file

---

## 📥 Download

- **[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/dnp)**
- **[CurseForge](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/dnp)**

---

## 🐞 Issue Tracker

Found a bug or have a feature request?  
Please report it here: [**GitHub Issues**](https://github.com/Smootheez/dnp/issues)

---

## ☕ Support Me

If you enjoy this mod and want to support my work, consider donating:

[![ko-fi](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Smootheez/Smootheez/7b16ed55570e49b9320e9cade5e572b271e9f1fe/assets/donation-kofi.svg)](https://ko-fi.com/smootheez)
[![paypal](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Smootheez/Smootheez/7b16ed55570e49b9320e9cade5e572b271e9f1fe/assets/donation-paypal.svg)](https://paypal.me/smootheez)

Commit message:

Adding preview section with image and description to README.

README.md, after:

# 💥 Damage Number Particles

**Damage Number Particles** is a Minecraft mod that displays floating number particles whenever an entity takes damage or receives healing. This visual feedback makes it easier to track how much damage or healing an entity receives in real time.

---

## 🔍 Preview

![Damage Number Particles Preview](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Smootheez/dnp/refs/heads/master/assets/gif/damage_particle_preview.gif?token=GHSAT0AAAAAADFSNRS5UCXTZNHEQRNEN4VQ2EJPSOA)

Watch in-game damage and healing numbers appear around entities in real time.

---

## ⚙️ Configuration

You can customize the mod via the in-game config menu, including:

* Enabling/disabling healing or self particles
* Adjusting particle radius, and damage threshold
* Managing a **blacklist** to exclude specific entities from showing particles

To blacklist an entity, add its identifier using the format:

```
id:entity_identifier
```

For example:

```
minecraft:allay
```

You can configure all features easily:
- In-game via the config menu *(requires ModMenu)*
- Manually by editing the config file

---

## 📥 Download

- **[Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/mod/dnp)**
- **[CurseForge](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/dnp)**

---

## 🐞 Issue Tracker

Found a bug or have a feature request?  
Please report it here: [**GitHub Issues**](https://github.com/Smootheez/dnp/issues)

---

## ☕ Support Me

If you enjoy this mod and want to support my work, consider donating:

[![ko-fi](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Smootheez/Smootheez/7b16ed55570e49b9320e9cade5e572b271e9f1fe/assets/donation-kofi.svg)](https://ko-fi.com/smootheez)
[![paypal](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Smootheez/Smootheez/7b16ed55570e49b9320e9cade5e572b271e9f1fe/assets/donation-paypal.svg)](https://paypal.me/smootheez)
